The first time you launch a Flash application with the PlaysurfaceLauncher, 
the multitouch will probably not work because you need to give the 
Flash Player permission to run any Flash applications that are in the 
MultitouchApps directory of the PlaysurfaceLauncher installation.

Here is a summary of how to set a Flash Player "Trusted Location" directory:

1. Use the PlaysurfaceLauncher to open a Flash application such as Fire (the
   one with the flames icon).

2. Right-click anywhere on the black surface of the Fire application and select 
   "Global Settings..." from the pop-up menu.  A dialog box with a title 
   like "Flash Player Settings Manager" should open up.

3. Click on the "Advanced" tab in the Settings Manager.

4. Scroll down a little and you should see a button with the title 
   "Trusted Location Settings...".  Click that button and a dialog box 
   with the title "Trusted Location Settings" should open up.

5. Click on the "Add..." button near the bottom of the "Trusted Location
   Settings" dialog box.  An "Add Site" dialog box will open up.

6. In the "Add Site" dialog box, click on the "Add Folder..." button.
   A "Browse for Folder" dialog box will open up.

7. If you installed the PlaysurfaceLauncher in the default location, then 
   you will use the "Browse for Folder" dialog box to select the following 
   directory under Windows Drive C (assuming that drive C is your primary 
   drive, which it usually is):

   Drive (C:)
       Program Files (x86)
           FTL Labs
               Playsurface Launcher
                   MultouchApps

8. With the "MultitouchApps" directory selected, click  the "OK" button.

9. In the "Add Site" dialog box, you must hit the "Confirm" button to add the 
   directory.  Now it should show up in the list of trusted location in the 
   "Trusted Location Settings", so you can click the "Close" button, and then 
   close the Settings Manager dialog.

10. You will need to quit the Flash application and restart it for the 
    change to take effect.  If you reopen the Fire application, you should 
    see something like flames when you drag your fingers over the surface of 
    your touch table.
